fix(wizard): redesign wizard stepnav (add success icon and align states) (#1478)
vmware-clarity/ng-clarity: projects/angular/src/wizard/STYLES.md

| --clr-wizard-stepnav-bgcolor                   | Wizard navigation background color                                                        |
| --clr-wizard-main-text-color                   | Wizard text color                                                                         |
| --clr-wizard-stepnav-text                      | Wizard navigation text color                                                              |
| --clr-wizard-stepnav-text-active               | Wizard navigation item color when active                                                  |
| --clr-wizard-stepnav-text-hover                | Wizard navigation item color when hovered                                                 |

> | --clr-wizard-stepnav-text--active              | Wizard navigation item color when selected (misnamed)                                     |

Reviewer: We can add deprecation for `--active` properties in favor of `selected` and add thme for removal in v18.

```suggestion
| --clr-wizard-stepnav-text--active              | Deprecated in v17 in favor of `--clr-wizard-stepnav-text-selected`                                     |
| --clr-wizard-stepnav-text-selected              | Wizard navigation item color when selected                                   |
```

Author: No, I don't want to introduce a new variable and make the code support both. I'd rather just rename it v18.

| --clr-wizard-stepnav-text-disabled             | Wizard navigation item color when disabled                                                |
| --clr-wizard-title-text                        | Wizard title text color                                                                   |
| --clr-wizard-stepnav-border-size               | Wizard navigation border size                                                             |
| --clr-wizard-stepnav-item-border-color         | Wizard navigation border color                                                            |

> | --clr-wizard-stepnav-item-border-color--active | Wizard navigation item complete border color (misnamed)                                   |

Reviewer: We can add deprecation for --active properties in favor of selected and add thme for removal in v18.
```suggestion
| --clr-wizard-stepnav-item-border-color--active | Deprecated in v17 in favor of  `--clr-wizard-stepnav-item-border-color-selected`                                    |
| --clr-wizard-stepnav-item-border-color-selected | Wizard navigation item complete border color                                   |
```
